[Music]
we've got a lot of friends after the
show a lot of countries in Asia are like
watching the show when we go anywhere in
Asia are people a nice eyes and we
are so busy in the modeling that is what
we want after the show and it's brain
it's great knowing that there's tons out
there like every single day I have
hundreds of good morning okay today you
have to be happy
that feels good I don't know it's just
so many things happened and it's not
just about winning anymore there's so
much opportunities even for me
all the girls say that we don't wanna be
the winner you're not sure you want to
be the winner but if it is only know
children to help you them and God no
look what you give me to be okay haha
[Music]
never I never thought that I would be
beautiful like you from a shitty some
other say you beautiful no I'm not
beautiful just simple I think there are
days that you feel confident and there
are they such a miserable so I have
those I think for me since I have a baby
now you can talk to your boyfriend or
husband and compromise with something
that works for both of you because you
can get your way all the time and he
can't get his way all the time and it's
just balance I think that's independent
then haired because we can make a goal
and is okay I put a head is okay
although I think we're bad clothes
sometimes because we're up were models
so they accept like their models even if
it's light it's okay by the air they we
can fix by the other no that's no no you
watching TV
[Music]